Group Rules
By Johann Koenitz on Sunday, March 15, 2015 at 10:43 pm
The following group rules are binding on you and all others:
The common good and the right to the liberal pursuit of happiness are an inseparable unit.
Man has the ability to form and develop - this ability is to provide a universal freedom of information against.
The creative powers of the people should be able to develop - this claim is to ask the opposite universal right to participate.
The protection and thoughtful use of all means of livelihood of the people is the basis for all further development - the Community shall take this into account by their actions.
To preserve the universal human rights that have been recorded in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of the United Nations of 10.12.1948, and further develop is the top priority of all participating people.
The general sovereignty of the peoples of the planet Earth (subsidiarity) in global and fraternal cooperation objective of impartiality eV
The impartiality eV (UnParty r. A.) dissolves in the democratic countries themselves, meet the principles and objectives of impartiality e. V..
It is the Golden Rule: Treat others as you want them to treat you and after the maxim by which you can at the same time want that your action should become a universal law.
The principle of the public. Decision-making processes and motives are transparent and represent understandable for third parties, within the meaning of the commandment Open Data
Born on the experience that a simple "yes / no" shortened and lead to the majority principle constructive decision-making processes for extreme polarizations, are for the impartiality eV Konsensierungsverfahren internally and outside binding.

All eV participating with the impartiality people agree to pay the previous points through their actions and to implement the above points. Furthermore, all decisions taken should be designed so that it can be implemented by the members and accredited.

Copyleft Creative Commons CCBYSA can from 2011-December 22 for all posts, so we move around the network, especially in dialogue Maps, improve and expand organically.

sgd. i.a. Joko, Fridemar

See also http://unpartei.blogspot.de/p/verein.html
Google Übersetzer für Unternehmen:Translator ToolkitWebsite-Übersetzergoogle
Sofortübersetzung deaktivierenÜber Google ÜbersetzerMobilCommunityDatenschutzerklärung & NutzungsbedingungenHilfeFeedback geben
